in today's video we will go through the
events of 2013's action comedy this
is the end spoilers ahead you have been
warned
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
the movie starts with the canadian actor
seth rogen waiting for his canadian
friend and fellow actor jay barucho
at the los angeles airport the two have
been best friends for
ages jay always makes sure to stay with
seth when he is in la
the two meet and say their hellos a
paparazzi films seth on their way back
to the car
seth tells jay that he has planned out
the best week for both of them
the duo then goes to seth's house jay is
impressed by the typical la well
furnished modern home
seth has even laid out all of jay's
favorite things on his table
that includes starburst beer weed and
joints that spell
jay the two happily smoke and drink
while they play games on seth's 3d
television
after some time seth suggests they go to
the actor james franco's housewarming
party
jay's only friend in la is seth and he
doesn't like to socialize with other
celebrities
hence he is doubtful of the idea but
seth assures him that he will stick to
jay throughout the party so he doesn't
feel left out
jay finally agrees and the duo leaves
for james's new house
when they reach there they are heavily
impressed by the huge mansion
james welcomes them but he calls jay the
wrong name jay shows them his paintings
that he is incredibly proud of
the party is full of high-end
celebrities like jonah hill
craig robinson mindy kaling rihanna
michael cera emma watson paul rudd
channing tatum kevin hart aziz ansari
and others
jay and seth meet several celebrities
but jay seems to be uncomfortable around
most of them
they meet jonah hill who warmly welcomes
jay however jay makes up an excuse and
goes outside to find someone to smoke
with
some time later jay is still wandering
around the house alone when the guests
start singing
finally jay asks seth to accompany him
to the nearest convenience store to buy
some cigarettes
jay accuses seth of abandoning him on
their way to the store
as they are getting the cigarettes
suddenly an earthquake hits
everyone in the store starts to panic
then all of a sudden several bright blue
lights strike
down from the sky the people they strike
on are levitated up towards the sky
then the lights suck them all up che is
stunned when it is all over
the two rushed back to james's house in
their way they witnessed several
accidents and many people being killed
they somehow reached the party and are
surprised to see that no one felt the
earthquake
everything is as expected inside the
house jay tries to tell the others what
had happened but no one believes him
he asks seth to back him up but seth
lies just then
all of them feel the house moving the
earthquake has struck again
as the shaking gets worse everyone
rushes out of the house
they see the hollywood hills in flames
everything around them is on fire
the guests have nowhere to go then
suddenly james's front yard starts to
crack creating a
huge sinkhole the sinkhole drags
everyone into it
most of the celebrities drop into it and
die j2 falls into the hole but he saves
himself by hanging onto the edge
finally he somehow manages to climb up
the sinkhole he rushes into the house
and sees that seth james craig and jonah
are the only ones who have survived
jonah takes care of jay
and asks the guys to give him some water
all the electronics have stopped working
the earthquake has destroyed most of los
angeles the group panics and takes off
all of james's paintings and seals the
doors with them
now they have to survive inside the
house until help arrives
they count their supply to consist of
only 12 bottles of water
and 56 bottles of beer for food they
only have a jar of nutella
a block of cheese some eggs a few
bananas some bacon
and loads of drugs but nothing that will
last them longer than a few days
they also have one bar of milky way
which the guys fight over
for their protection they have james's
revolver that night the boys sleep
around the house while listening to
horrific noises coming from outside
they gather and sleep together because
of the noises jay suggests to seth that
this might be the judgment day mentioned
in the bible
but he dismisses it the following day
the actor danny mcbride wakes up in one
of the bathrooms of the house
he had crashed the party the day before
and fell asleep there
danny doesn't know anything about the
earthquakes and the sinkhole outside
so when he wakes up he uses all of the
group supplies and makes them a single
breakfast when the guys wake up they are
beyond surprised
they try to tell danny about the
situation outside but he doesn't believe
them and instead makes fun of them
just then someone starts banging on the
door repeatedly the boys are too scared
to open
it then a person creates a hole in the
door and peeks through it
he is there asking for help jay wants to
let him in but others are skeptical
because he can be a burglar or a rapist
as he begs for them to let him in
someone else from outside
cuts his head off his head rolls on the
floor in front of the guys
terrified they kick it around danny now
believes that the guys weren't joking
they save whatever is left of the food
that night at dinner
jay suggests to the guys that this might
be the biblical apocalypse
but the rest of them do not believe him
jay then reads a few lines from james's
bible that says
when the apocalypse will happen the good
people will be sucked into heaven
which explains the people being sucked
when the first earthquake hit
he adds that the mountains will burn
referencing the hollywood hill burning
and that the devil will be released to
the earth jay believes that the guy's
head was decapitated by the said devil
however the rest of the group still
doesn't believe it for the next few days
they survive on the available food by
distributing it amongst themselves
equally
the drugs keep them sane even during an
apocalypse they have the best time of
their lives
one day as they chill in the living room
a sudden noise startles them
someone is breaking down the door in
comes emma watson
she had been hiding in a drainpipe for
all these days she says that at the
beginning she heard people running and
crying for help
then it was replaced by strange
creatures growling emma believes that
they are going through a zombie
apocalypse
james welcomes her and lets her sleep in
his room outside the room jay suggested
the guys that since there are six of
them
emma might feel uncomfortable hence they
should try and be as brotherly as
possible
but the conversation soon turns into
which one of them is likely to rape
someone
emma hears this from the room and rushes
out with an axe she threatens the guys
to give her all there is to drink
seth puts all the drinks in a bag emma
takes it and runs away
now the guys are thirsty and have
nothing to drink there is a way to the
underground cellar from james's yard
he has gallons of water in there however
someone has to go outside to get the
water in the house
seth likes a match and suggests whoever
gets the burnt match will have to go
craig gets the match with no other
choice he goes outside to the cellar
the outside is a mess everything has
burnt down and there is smoke
everywhere craig tries to open the door
to the cellar but it is locked
as he is running outside he sees a
creature in front of him
somehow he gets inside and tells others
about it james tells him that the cellar
is just below the living room floor
so the group now starts to break the
floor with whatever tools they have
available
craig tells jay that after seeing the
creature outside he believes his theory
later as seth and jay try to break the
floor they fall right into it the group
celebrates when they find two large
gallons of water
at dinner dany goes in to get a second
glass of water but the group has agreed
to drink
only one glass of water per dinner to
save it for a long time
when they do not let danny drink water
he gets upset and drinks water straight
from the gallon
everyone tries to stop him but they lose
a lot of water during the argument
the group then secretly decides that
dany needs to be kicked out of the house
when they tell him about their decision
danny gets agitated and tries to shoot
them with james's gun
thankfully it is just a prop and no one
dies after that dany goes out of the
house himself
that night jonah is sleeping when a
large creature enters his room
it touches jonah but he is half asleep
he thinks that it is craig
messing with him when he finally opens
his eyes the creature is right in front
of him
cut to the next day without water and
enough food the boys have started
drinking their urine to survive
they quickly have to get water from the
nearest house to survive they do the
match trick again
this time seth gets the burnt match
meaning that it is his turn to go
but he refuses to show him that he is a
coward jay and craig leave instead
they go inside the nearest house and are
happy when they find a cabinet full of
food
but just then they are attacked by a
demonic creature
they run away from the home trying to
save their lives meanwhile at james's
house seth and james find jonah lying on
the ground struggling
first they think that his lbs is acting
up but they soon realize that jonah is
possessed by the devil he saw last night
he vomits black slimy liquid all over
them and chases the two around the house
just then jay and craig get back
narrowly avoiding the demon outside
but as they get in jonah tries to attack
them jay hits him with a bat making him
unconscious then the group ties joan
into a bed and jay tries to perform an
exorcism on him
he says the lines from the movie the
exorcist and hopes for the best
but to everyone's surprise the lines
work jay and seth get into a fight in
the middle of the exorcism because jay
calls seth a sellout
seth accidentally topples the candles
over causing the bed to light on fire
jonah is now entirely in flames the
group runs outside as the whole house
burns down
on top of that a huge demon appears in
front of the group outside
the house is burning so they have
nowhere to go
craig offers to distract the demon from
saving his friends
the rest of them are thankful crying
successfully distracts the demon as
others get in the car
but before the demon can kill craig a
bright blue light shines upon him and he
is pulled into heaven
since he sacrificed himself for his
friends he was saved
the group now hopes that if they are
nice to each other they will be safe too
as they are driving a group of people
mobs them they drag them out of the car
their leader comes out who happens to be
dany he tells him that he has joined
this group of cannibals and is about to
kill them now
james offers to sacrifice himself to
save seth and jay
as the other two run away james is
pulled by the bright light too
his sacrifice had worked james insults
dany as he is being pulled which causes
the light to go away
he falls back to the ground the group
eats james alive
they chase seth and jay as well but they
manage to hide a massive demon appears
right in front of them
the demon grows several heads from its
back seth and jay accept their death
and apologize to each other for
everything they've done wrong
just then the bright light shines upon
jay and he is pulled upwards
however seth is left on the ground jay
grabs seth's hand and pulls him upwards
but halfway there the light doesn't let
him go any further however jay holds on
to his friend
now both jay and seth start to go down
so to save jay seth offers to leave his
hand and drop to the ground himself
seth falls directly into the demon's
mouth but just then the light shines
upon him as well
both friends now land in heaven and are
welcomed by craig
he tells them that anything they can
think of they will get jay thinks of the
backstreet boys performing
the movie ends as the band performs
their song everybody
and everyone dances thanks for watching
make sure to like and comment on the
video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to the channel to see more
of these movie summaries